well it is the first day of groups with
covers presented by you Gigi I'm joined
right now by deaf to talk about their
victory over Team Liquid deft I have to
say I was a little sad that Team Liquid
lost but you guys looked great how do
you feel about Katie's performance that
game although we won I think if things
worked out early during the early game
in the bottom line I think we would have
much more easier about as you can see we
were ganked in the beginning so I don't
think it worked out as much as we wanted
it was interesting to me to see that
Ziya had higher priority than kya that
game for you why higher priority for his
eye instead of kaiser overall we thought
sia was a better pick for Lane fights
and once you get the core item so if we
thought that would be a better pick for
sure Kaiser is also a good pick but
going against Team Liquid we thought
Isaiah was better now it is the
beginning of worlds normally at the
startup world so I interview Korean
players who all say TSM is really good
this year TSM is not here this year so I
would love to know from you what you
think of the Western teams and and if
any of them are strong or have a chance
of getting out of groups although we did
not have the chance to engage in
scrimmages with all the teams we thought
on fnatic so as a great team overall so
I think overall just just by the results
of the scrimmage fanatics was the only
great team now for any fans they may be
interested to hear from you there is a
player in North America who started
playing an LCS Taseer named F Lee and he
says that definitely says that he is
inspired by you and that was why he has
her name have you heard of definitely
before and what do you think of him even
though he was not on a very good team
and Andy went to NA he told me that in
his team there was a ad carry named F
Lee on and I heard that he was a fan of
me but I don't think I'm that of a great
player for somebody to have that name
and he that actually inspired me to work
better what's good here definitely is
improving the Korean world or a legal
legend system the last question I have
that Katie and RNG people say are the
two best teams at Worlds and have the
best chance at winning do you agree and
if so which one do you think is stronger
well there are a lot of good teams here
but I think for sure we cannot disagree
that we and orangy are the best teams
here and if we go up against them if as
long as I don't make any mistakes I
think we open def do you have anything
that you would want to say to any of
your fans out there in the West thank
you for supporting me thank you thank
you thank you for the English thank you
so much for the interview best of luck
throughout the rest of worlds and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel this is
my seventh worlds now and one of the
coolest things about Worlds is the the
ability to travel and just enjoy new
things you know it's really easy
sometimes to stay inside our comfort
zones but if you venture out you
sometimes find that you can have
experiences you never expected success
you never anticipated and that's why you
know sometimes you're in champion select
you you got a venture outside your
comfort zone you gotta try a new
champion because maybe the one you've
been playing you've been losing on you
know and and guess what I got a great
way for you to make an educated decision
about what champion go to the link in
the description right now
uggg they're our sponsor for worlds and
you can uh you can you can type in a
champion there you can learn all about
it maybe that's the champion you need to
take on the next adventure or journey
and your life because let's let's face
it like things you need something new I
don't I don't want to make this personal
but listen the whole point is you GG
will make sure you never lose champion
select again they're sponsoring our
stuff it's super helpful click the link
below check them out super helpful for
me thanks so much